it's a night now I doesn't look like hi
his new iphone the same one with the
video you're just taking right now it's
an iphone 4s I don't see the difference
calm down singing Ethan's turn off for
the first time I can fit you in a little
ten-year-old Kenny start an iphone hi
finitan me oh stop moving in it's
annoying there you thank you you're
moving it just put it in English games
okay okay thanks lowering our property
values may will liquid location or can
ever take the view
turning done it doesn't get that thing
Oh
well i think it was another 50 phone
okay Kimmy see a difference in deep
between these two yeah ones black ones
white that's what I said thanks I nobody
believed me ok now let's see these guys
since I come for iphone 4 what's the
difference
go
what's that difference sorry again what
I bet nobody can look at that
Oh
hey I need you go okay bye do you
serious okay everybody wonders who's
this all the ones gonna go to it might
go to me or I could just for Michael
Denise's nose or I will go to my mom
that's what he said you might pick you
like that don't cover up story fit into
those who wait really it's been a hard
day's answer me what is matter
i'm tired he knew you okay gonna stop
what is a glacier let me check on that i
found this for you
oh no se en español español estan exists
a que es un carro maxi's decir en
español I don't understand oh okay and
it's dawn I think we should get done
shut up did I deserve that yes that's
what I thought